hey everybody its rocky so last night I
made some chicken parmesan Oh was it
good I mean seriously it was he was
delicious I mean this is definitely one
I'll be adding to kind of like a regular
rotation
it was simple super simple all I did was
like just season the chicken tossed in
the pan with some sauce and some cheese
it wasn't breaded and I threw it in the
oven for half an hour and then but I
Bing but boom there was my dinner I
didn't show this but I actually did
serve it alongside of some steamed
spinach and it was just it was
perfection
so if you want to see how I make my
version of chicken parmesan and just
keep on watching so I have my chicken
breasts out and I just have a
combination here of salt black pepper
and garlic and I'm just gonna sprinkle
that over my chicken breasts and I'm
just gonna rub that in and I want to
make sure they're they're nice and
coated I want the chicken itself to have
flavor have you better like gone to a
restaurant and you're eating something
that you know is some kind of like piece
of chicken or whatever that has sauce on
it but when you bite into the actual
chicken it tastes like nothing and I
really hate that so we're gonna turn it
over and we're going to do this exact
thing to the other side I have 1/2 cups
measured out in a measuring cup of just
regular pasta sauce and right now I'm
just gonna pour in about a quarter cup
of Parmesan cheese and I'm just gonna
mix that together
I have a baking pan that I sprayed down
with some olive oil spray and I'm just
gonna pour some of my sauce down right
onto the pan just kind of make a little
bed for my chicken breast to lay down on
get my chicken breast and lay it right
down on top of the sauce just like that
and now we're going to pour the
remaining sauce over the chicken breasts
and just make sure they're all covered
with sauce
then I'm just gonna pop them into a 375
degree oven for about 30 minutes or
until my chicken is cooked through all
right 30 minutes later it is out of the
oven and it is cooked through so I'm
going to go ahead and do is put down
some mozzarella cheese right over the
top
and this is this cheese is part skim
geez I get from Trader Joe's
all right I'm gonna put it back in the
oven for about five minutes or until the
cheese is melted and here is our
unbraided chicken parmesan right out of
the oven the cheese is just kind of like
melting off each of the chicken breasts
it smells so good I cannot wait to dig
into this so if anybody has any
questions just go ahead and post them
below the full recipe and pictures will
be on my website which I'll post a link
to below and until next time enjoy